
1. Tell me about yourself?

I am analyzer, so I try to give better result on new things. 
I can handle any work alone and with team. If I work with team, I teach what I know and learn form other what they know. 
Understand the client and project situtation, based on that, I show my performance. 

2. Why do you want to leave your previous job?
 
I frankly say, timing is problem. Before marriage, timing was not problem, but now, I extected, to go home before my child sleep. 

3. How many years of experience you have?

1) 6.8 years experience in web development. 
2) have worked on wordpress, cakephp and Magento frameworks. 
3) And knowledge in laravel and symfony. 

4. Out of all the other candidates, why should we hire you?

My thougt, To select one candidate, he should be ready to adopt new things and work with team and alone. So I feel, those are I have.	

5. Notice Period ?

3 months. But if project is not in urgent or other resource available, management team reduce notice period based on project situtation. 
 
6. Why should I not hire you?

Based on your recruitment knowledge needed, My skills is matched. So I don't see any reason for not hirig me. 

7. Expected CTC

My expectation is 12 lakh per anum.

8. Negotiable in CTC

As I know, To live in cites like bangalore or chennai, we need salary like I expected. If you feel, It is high, I am ready to agree for 10  lakhs per anum. 

9. which challenging task you have done on last six month ?

Currently I am working on symfony upgrades from 2.8 to 4.3 without knowledge of symfony and project. I should upgrade the project with 20 pages KT document, but the poject files around 300. When team assign the project to me, I have little fear, but today, I have upgraded 80% of the project. 20% is waiting for client confirming some requirements.

10. How many projects you have completed in magento ? 

In magento 1, I have worked on five projects, 

 AIR, StockMfg, Valspar, Vanguardproshop, Artifact Uprising

In magento, I have worked on 1 project 
 
 Frish Market

12) Explain any one of your projects.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PHP Developer - Infosys Technologies ltd
 











 






