
1) Find duplicate elements in the array ?

array_unique()

Ex:

<?php
$a=array("a"=>"red","b"=>"green","c"=>"red");
print_r(array_unique($a));
?>

Result:

Array ( [a] => red [b] => green ) 

2) what is mvc?

3) How to get last date of month of given date? 

4) Variable name of max execution time constant in php?

5) How to get the data from more than 3 table without use join ? 

6) what is ajax?



8) what is difference between echo and print in php.

9) Write the code for file upload 

10) How can protect my site from world class hackers ?

11) what is HTML DOM?

12) ways to print an array

13) what is Abstract class ? 

14) What is trait ? 

15) what is array_column ?

16) what is memcache ? 

17) how to set csrf token in magento 2?


19) How can you connect a web page data with mysql ?

20) What is csrf token and xss attack

21) Explain preg_Match and preg_replace

22) HTTP methods in PHP

23) what is inheritance ? 

24) What is final class ? 

25) Difference between get and post method

26) What is Interface? Use of Interface.

27) difference between the include(), require(),require_once() functions.

28) What is Php ini?

1. cron job

Fibonacci series

Difference between implode() and explode() 

Run time and compile time polymorphism

Difference between $var and $$var?

what is JSON ? 

What is php.ini & .htacess file? What is the purpose having this files?

3. How to block directory access? 

5. What is SDLC? 

What is a web server?

Why we are using $_POST instead of $_REQUEST?

Differrence between mysql_connect and mysql_pconnect?

Why we are using database instead of file system?


OOPS:
-----

1) Difference between procedural programming and object-oriented programming?

2) what is traits ? Use of traits ? 

3) Difference between abstract class and interface

4) Difference between Method overloading ,method overriding ?

5) what is static variable ?

Difference between mysql_fetch_row,mysql_fetcch_object,mysql_fetch_array 



Third Parties:
--------------

1) what is aws ?

2) 

CSS:
----

1. what is responsive web pages ?
2.  


jquery:
-------

1) what is syntax of box-shadow ?
2) 

Session and Cookies:
--------------------

1) What are session and cookies?

2) what is default session time?

3) Is login works when cookies disabled on browser ? why ? 

Git:
----

1) what is git?

2) 

Mysql:
-----

1) what is sub-queries ?

2) What are indexes ?

3) Difference between mysiam and innodb storage engine

4) difference between primary key and unique key ?

5) Difference between index and primary key

6) what is session and why is it required?

7) About MySql engine? Name some engines ?

8) What are the types of joining in the database are used?

9) What is trigger ? 

10) What is procedure ? 

11) how to get second maximum entry in sql?

12) How To get Last 3 Records In Mysql? 

13) How many types of constraints are available in MySQL?


Magento :
---------

1) What is MVC ? 

MVC, or Model, View, Controller, is a type of architecture in which business logic, data access, and user interface are separated for applications. MVC has two different types: configuration-based and convention-based. However, Magento uses the configuration-based version. This means that to get a module’s config file to work, everything must be specified to it.

1) What is EAV Architecture ? 

2) What is ORM ? 

3) Why Magento is slow ? 

4) Experience in unit testing in Magento?

5) What are the design pattern Magento follows?

6)  What is the role of object Manager?

7)  Difference between plugin and observer.

8) What is the folder structure of Magento to create a module?

9) How do you create a custom module in Magento?

In order to create a custom module in Magento, you must first - create a module directory, second – create controller, block, and module files for your module, third – create a module configuration file, and finally, fourth – create an XML file. The purpose of creating an XML file is so that you can enable or disable the module and also instruct the system which code pool that the module will be taken from.

10) Name The Product Types That Are Available In Magento? 

11) What Is Inventory?

12) What Are Static Blocks?

13) What Are The Different Features Of Magento?


    SEO Friendly
    Google sitemap support
    Reporting and analytics
    Customer accounts
    Order management
    Site management
    Payment
    Marketing promotion and tools
    International support
    Extremely modular architecture



1) performance optimization


    To speed up Magento performance, don't run mysql and web server on the same machine.
    Do not host files on your web server that you do not use.
    Optimization of session storage.
    Enabling Magento flat catalog. (Magento uses a complex and resource-intensive Entity Attribute Value [or EAV] based catalog). After initial catalog establishment, enabling the flat catalog can dramatically improve database querying time.
    Identification and disabling of unused Magento modules.


2) What Is The Process Of Code Optimization?

    Removal of unused or unnecessary code processes.
    To optimize Magento performance, JavaScript and CSS files need to be compressed and aggregated.
    Conformance of all site images to optimal web image sizes.
    Identification of bottlenecks(process that causes the entire process to slow down or stop) processes in both front-end and back-end.



2) How you will see you challenges at your job?

13. How many tables will be created when you make a new EAV module?

If you make a new EAV module, then six tables will be created. These tables include:

module_datetime, module, module_decimal, module_int, module_text, and module_varchar.

System Test:
------------

1) Send a mail with attachment using phpmailer ? 

2) Find second max number from araay

3) How to delete a specific element in an array?

4) Program for Anagram

5) Upload functions in core php

6) Find Prime Number


