Magento :
---------

3) Why Magento is slow ? 

4) Experience in unit testing in Magento?

5) What are the design pattern Magento follows?

6)  What is the role of object Manager?

7)  Difference between plugin and observer.

8) What is the folder structure of Magento to create a module?

9) How do you create a custom module in Magento?

In order to create a custom module in Magento, you must first - create a module directory, second – create controller, block, and module files for your module, third – create a module configuration file, and finally, fourth – create an XML file. The purpose of creating an XML file is so that you can enable or disable the module and also instruct the system which code pool that the module will be taken from.

10) Name The Product Types That Are Available In Magento? 

11) What Is Inventory?

12) What Are Static Blocks?

13) What Are The Different Features Of Magento?


    SEO Friendly
    Google sitemap support
    Reporting and analytics
    Customer accounts
    Order management
    Site management
    Payment
    Marketing promotion and tools
    International support
    Extremely modular architecture



1) performance optimization


    To speed up Magento performance, don't run mysql and web server on the same machine.
    Do not host files on your web server that you do not use.
    Optimization of session storage.
    Enabling Magento flat catalog. (Magento uses a complex and resource-intensive Entity Attribute Value [or EAV] based catalog). After initial catalog establishment, enabling the flat catalog can dramatically improve database querying time.
    Identification and disabling of unused Magento modules.


2) What Is The Process Of Code Optimization?

    Removal of unused or unnecessary code processes.
    To optimize Magento performance, JavaScript and CSS files need to be compressed and aggregated.
    Conformance of all site images to optimal web image sizes.
    Identification of bottlenecks(process that causes the entire process to slow down or stop) processes in both front-end and back-end.



2) How you will see you challenges at your job?

13. How many tables will be created when you make a new EAV module?

If you make a new EAV module, then six tables will be created. These tables include:

1) module
2) module_datetime,
3) module_decimal,
5) module_gallery
4) module_int, 
5) module_text, 
6) module_varchar

4) Folder strcuture of the magento 2 ? 

app
bin
generated
pub
 - static
 - media
var
 - cache
 - log
vendor

These are the top directory for magento 2. 

App
 - etc
  - config.php => here we can see what are the modules are available and status of the module
  - env.php => This is configuration file. Here we can configure the admin url, datbase, key for password encryption
 - code 
  - vendor
   - Module
     - 
 - design
  - frontend
   - Vendor
     - Theme
  - adminhtml

5) Custom Module Folder structure:

Custom module should be added in the app/conde directory

- etc
  - module.xml
  - di.xml
  - frontend/routes.xml
- registration.php 
- composer.json
  - Controller
  - Model 
  - Block
  - view 
    - frontend
    - adminhtml 

6) What is object manager ? 

Object manager is the responsible for initiating object in the magento application. 

7) What is factory class ? 

Object manager is the responsible for initiating object, magento prohits to use object manager directly. Factories are exception to this rule because they require object manger to objectmanager to initiate the magento models. 

When call the factory in constructor, obbject manager generate the factory class to initiate the object for the model. So no need to defined externally. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1) What are advantages you see in magento 2 than magento 1? 



Admin Naviagtion
----------------

Magento 2, It is simplified and modernized


Add To Cart
-----------

- Magent 1, When user click the 'add to cart' button, user will be redirected to cart page. If users like to add another product to cart, user should comes to the previous page. This will create negative impacts. 
- Magento 2, It is developed with Ajax, so page doesn't load and user can add more products to the cart without delay. 


File Upload:
------------

- Able to add the video to the product. Currently vimeo and youtube are supported in magento.















2) What is index management ? 
4) How do you increasse the magento performance? 
5) What is the path magento default themes are located ?
6) Where magento core folders are located ? 
7) Tell the commands for enable and disable the module ? 
8) Why do you need to create the static files ? 
9) What is the path of the static files ? 
10) In which folder, upload files are saved in magento 2? 
11) what are the dfault payment methods available in magento 2? 
12) What are the default shipping methods available in magento 2? 
13) What is shipping origin in magento 2? Why we should configure the shipping origin ? 
14) When you change the domain, in which table you change the site address ? 
15) In which table, installed module information are stored ? 
16) You want to create one table, How do you create ? please explain the steps for that? 
18) Difference between user and customer ? 
19) You create one user, Is he able to login as customer in frontend? 
20) In which table users not customer informations are stored? 
21) what are the tables are used for reviews and ratings? 
22) What is the tax class? 
23) What is custom attributes ? 
24) What is attribute set and attributes ? 
25) what is the use of 'generated' directory ? 
26) What is url rewrites ? 













